Add some more information based on recent frequently asked questions. (#105)
nodeschool/vancouver: meetup-templates/meetup-template-nodeschool.md

Meetup description

Are you a beginner at using Node.js and/or JavaScript? Are you wanting a refresher? Are you looking to level up your knowledge? 

> We don't have set classes, and as such it is considered a self study program. The Node School organization has a lot of workshops for you to learn from, and we help out along the way, but that doesn't mean you have to do the workshops, we are a diverse group of people learning and growing together.

Reviewer: nit: name

```suggestion
We don't have set classes, and as such it is considered a self study program. The NodeSchool organization has a lot of workshops for you to learn from, and we help out along the way, but that doesn't mean you have to do the workshops, we are a diverse group of people learning and growing together.
```
